Analysis of customer needs

Old Definition of Requirements:

"The system has to carry a payload of minimum 1 kg. Therefore normally 6 to 8 rotors
are needed and it has to be evaluated which number of rotors fits our requirement best by
measuring the lifting capacity of selected motors and rotors.
Another requirement of the customer is that the model should fit through a standard door.
Because of this the model has to be constructed with a maximum width of 85cm to have
enough clearance.
The system also has to reach a flight time of 10 to 20 minutes. For multi-copters normally
Lithium Polymer accumulators with 1 to 10 cells and 500 to 20000 mAh are used and it
has to be measured how much power is consumed by the system, especially the motors. To
reach these requirements the weight of the model should be as lightweight as possible. All
components have to be checked regarding to their weight and the use of different materials
such as carbon fiber should be evaluated.
The Customer also wants to have a modular design of the whole system.
Therefore a physical model has to be designed in order to have enough space for additional
modules such as new sensors. It also has to be possible to change the weight distribution to
keep the model balanced and also the electronics need to have enough standard interfaces
to add new hardware components.
Another requirement of the customer is that the different software components don’t interfere
with each other. To fulfil this, the system should consist of multiple processors
that have separated memory and interact with each other over bridges.
The customer also wants to have the possibility to extend the existing multiprocessor system
with more powerful hardware over a widely spread communication protocol.
To meet this requirement an Ethernet interface should be realized and the system should
support to give the new hardware access to the required sensors.
To meet security requirements manual interaction has to be possible at all times.
Therefore the system has to have a receiver for a remote control and has to meet hard
real-time requirements.
The system also should be able to fly stable and to give the other processors the possibility
to control the flight of the system. Therefore a flight control unit has to be designed that
has an interface with which other processors can interact."


Active Customer Needs:

Since this project was transferred to us. The Basic hardware functionality was completed by our predecessors.
As well as a interprocessor communication system.
Thus the customer needs can be extended with the following requirements.

The first demand was to ensure that the basic construction of the Multi copter is working properly. 
In order to receive fast test results, a commercial flight controller has to be integrated.
Another requirement is to provide a power supply that is capable of delivering sufficient power for all components.
One of the main requirements was previously described as "The system should be able to fly stable and to give the other processors the possibility
to control the flight of the system".
The fist version of the flight controller shall be offering the bare minimum functions to fly the Quadcopter model.
However it has to be designed to offer improve its stabilization capability by more sensor data (e.g. magnetometer, barometer).
Furthermore it should provide a connection to a ground monitoring station, using a communication protocol which was originally developed for 
a commercial Flight controller called "Pixhawk". 
The connection to the monitoring station should be established via WiFi. 
Another task for the HPS will controlling the Kinect cameras.



